Okay, so
we're going to go to exercise seven,
which is invoking actors.
And we're going to move
all of that interval
logic that we have in the use effect, and
we're going to put that in
an invoked callback instead.
So yeah, so you can see we
removed the use effect over here,
it's no longer there,
even though it was in previous ones.
This same use effect logic, that's gonna
go inside of the timer machine instead.
So in the running state, that's where
we're going to invoke that callback,
which is going to send a tick
event on every interval, and
you could grab that interval
from the context directly there.
And yeah, so essentially we're just
refactoring the timer machine,
so that that interval logic
is within the machine itself.